in today's video we are going to go
through 2015's mystery thriller the
invitation where a man accepts an
invitation to his
ex-wife's dinner party when an
unsettling affair reopens old traumas
and creates new tensions lots of
spoilers ahead you have been warned
don't forget to like the video and
subscribe to our channel if you enjoy it
will and kira are a happy couple in
their 30s
at the beginning of the movie the couple
is driving to will's
ex-wife eden's house eden is hosting a
dinner party with her now husband david
on their way there they talk about how
fancy the invitation card they received
is
eden and david have been out of touch
with everyone for two years
will is still surprised to have received
the invitation as the couple is talking
in the car
they crash into a coyote will gets out
to see the animal bloody but still alive
he kills it with a tire iron and hides
the body
they finally reach the house kira is
surprised to see the luxurious home
world used to live in
she asks him about it to which will says
that it has always belonged to eden
they go inside to see a bunch of their
friends seated in the living area
there is tommy alongside his boyfriend
miguel ben
claire and gina gina's boyfriend choi is
running late
as they greet each other eden comes down
from upstairs
she hugs will and removes a drop of the
coyote's blood off his face with her
spit
david is in the room too they greet kira
and offer the guests drinks
david offers them an exclusive wine that
costs 8 million dollars a bottle
will kindly declines but the rest of
them drink it
david announces that everyone present
there is very special to eden
and so to him hence they wanted them to
be there when the house reopens
during the speech will notices a strange
woman down the hallway staring at him
right after the toe she comes to the
living room the couple introduces her
as sadie sadie is a girl they met in
mexico
they brought her here to help them with
the house she tells will that the couple
talks a lot about him
as kira tells the group about their
encounter with a coyote
will goes to look around the house he
goes to the kitchen to drink some water
when he has a flashback of eden trying
to kill herself
just then she arrives and startles him
he drops the glass in shock
eden then asks him to help her get the
drinks as they do that they talk about
her trip to mexico
will asks her if it is hard to be in the
house again but eden says she is free
and the happiest she has ever been
ben comes in too according to eden pain
is optional she has overcome those
emotions and wants will to do so too
ben on the other hand jokes about the
topic suddenly
eden slaps him will is stunned to see
this side of eden
eden leaves and will and ben discuss her
weird behavior
afterwards eden apologizes to ben there
is a knock
on the door the group assumes it's troy
but david goes out to receive an
unknown man he introduces himself as
pruitt
sadie is happy to see him david tells
the group that pruitt is someone they
met in mexico as well
the rest of the group introduced
themselves to him gina is worried
because choi is still not there
she tries to call him but the house has
no reception will notices david locking
the main entrance
he gets suspicious and asks him to keep
the keys in
david and eden make up a story about a
previous home invasion but leave the
keys in any way
david reminds will that it is his house
and that he can do
anything he wants with it the group
settles down when eden asks will to
bring out some more firewood
eden thanks kira for being with will in
difficult times
outside will looks at the backyard and
remembers his son tai
eden and will had a four-year-old son
named tai he died while playing in that
very
backyard will notices eden in her room
where she puts something in her drawer
curious eden goes into the room to find
that it is an unlabeled bottle of
medicine
he takes one of the tablets out and
hides it in his pocket
on his way back he again reminisces
about his old days with eden
and tai back in the living area sadie
tells everyone that they are part of a
cult-like group in mexico
this intrigues the group so they ask
more questions about it
tommy jokingly asked them if they get
naked as a ritual
and sadie answers yes david brings out
his laptop to show the guests a video of
their ritual
in the video there is a very sick woman
lying on the bed
the person talking to her asks her how
she feels to which she replies
loved she says that she is going to see
her husband
and her father the others in the room
claim that they can feel her spirit
finally the woman dies and the video
ends
the guests are surprised and disturbed
according to will this is not something
people show at dinner parties
david explains that they are taking away
the wrong message from the video
pruitt further adds that the video isn't
about her death but about her communion
david again tells him that the program
helped him recover from his drug
addiction and grief
eden says the same the fact that eden
has forgotten all about tai
angers will so he lashes out at her
miguel calms him down and takes him to
the other room
will shows him the pill he took from the
drawer earlier miguel tells him that it
might be phenobarbital which is a common
tablet
tommy calls them out to join the rest of
the group david offers them a glass of
wine before going upstairs
will tells miguel and tommy his concerns
about the night being weird
but the couple dismisses it from the
railing david apologizes to everyone if
the video had made them feel
uncomfortable
he suggests they play a game they used
to play in mexico it's called
i won they take turns and tell everyone
what they want
sadie goes first she tells everyone that
she loves them
even though they met only a few hours
ago she kisses gina after
everyone cheers for them gina goes next
she remembers david talking about being
addicted to drugs once and
jokingly asks for his stash of drugs but
david hands it to her
next is pruitt he begins to tell them
the story about his wife's death and how
he accidentally killed her
everyone is shocked to hear this they do
not feel comfortable playing the game
further but eden insists on going next
she wants to kiss ben everyone watches
them as they make out
ben tells him to hide this from his wife
claire
on the other hand gets extremely
uncomfortable and wants to leave
david tries to convince her to stay but
will tells him to back off
claire then leaves the hosts go outside
to see her off along with pruitt
who moves his car to let her leave will
watches them through the glass window
and sees pruitt going out to stop
claire's car
david takes will to a room to talk
privately he confronts will about his
behavior
he claims will is suspicious of their
hospitality
will apologizes and tells him that he
wasn't prepared to be in the house yet
pruitt comes inside and tells him that
he apologized to claire if his story
scared her
the group then goes upstairs for dinner
as they are chatting and enjoying the
food
will gets hypersensitive to his
environment he cannot get the memories
of his son
out of his mind he calls out for kyra
but she doesn't listen
suddenly all of it stops
after dinner will goes down the hallway
to the restroom
where he sees sadie making faces in the
mirror she notices him watching
and stops he then goes by the pool where
he is joined by sadie again
she talks to him for a while before
suddenly asking him to have sex with her
will refuses and asks her to go inside
but sadie keeps on trying to persuade
him
she finally leaves him alone after that
he moves to the house's balcony and
stands there enjoying the scenery
tommy joins him there will tells him
again that something is
awfully wrong with this situation tommy
dismisses his concerns telling him that
they are all trying to figure out how to
act
after being out of touch for two years
he tells will he has to stop thinking
too much about it
lastly he hugs him and goes inside
will is about to join him when his phone
suddenly gets a signal
he gets a voice message from troy in the
message choi tells him that he is at
eden's but has forgotten to bring the
dessert
he asks will to get one on his way there
this freaks will out
he realizes that troy was here earlier
but eden and david must have done
something to him he goes back to the
dining table and suddenly
the lights go out david and eden arrive
with a cake
it is for miguel because his birthday is
in a week he blows the candles out
and the lights come back just then will
loses his cool and asks eden where choi
is he tells them about the voice memo
and how he was here earlier than
everyone else
the group tries to calm him down david
and eden claim that troy was never at
the house
will bangs on the table and calls their
group a cult
kira tells everyone that she and will
are leaving but will refuses to leave
until they tell the truth
the dinner is getting chaotic when
someone rings the doorbell
david goes down to see that choi is
finally here he was right in front of
the house earlier when his work called
him because of an emergency
seeing him arrive will finally calms
down
everyone is quiet will cries and
apologizes to everyone
david and eden forgive him and tell him
that he is part of their family
will then excuses himself and goes to
the restroom to calm down
as he washes his face it reminds him of
tai again
he goes back to the balcony and sits
alone kira joins him and talks to him
about tai
will has not been able to get over his
son's death he tells kira that she
cannot help him in this case
he goes back to everyone else and asks
to see ty's room again
he goes in there to see ty's toys
scattered all around
will imagines ty sleeping in his bed and
lays down next to him
after some time he sits down in a corner
and cries in the memory of his child
from there he sees david out in the
backyard he lights a red lantern
will go spying around the house again
and this time finds david's laptop
there is a video of a person saying that
tonight is the night their faith comes
to life
the message is very vague but will now
knows for sure that something is
extremely wrong pruitt comes to get him
and both of them go back to the dining
table for the last glass of wine
david makes a toast gina has a sip of
her drink but before
anyone else can will throws his glass
and stops everyone from drinking
sadie accuses will of ruining everything
and attacks him
will pushes her off him she bangs her
head on a piece of furniture and passes
out
everyone runs to help sadie while will
is still in shock
then all of a sudden gina passes out at
the dining table
and dies they cannot call 9-1-1 because
the house has no signal
and all of the doors are locked too all
of a sudden david comes out with a gun
and
shoots miguel the rest of them are
shocked pruitt takes the gun from david
while the others run downstairs
tommy attacks david for killing his
boyfriend but sadie attacks him with a
knife instead
ben kira and will run downstairs ben
separates from the duo at the same time
sadie attacks will
he somehow manages to lock himself and
kira in a room
from there they see pruitt and david
kill ben in the backyard
since all of the doors are locked the
couple has no idea how to get out of the
situation
will remembers a door upstairs through
which they can sneak out
they slowly go up and hear david and
eden talking
eden cries and tells david that this
wasn't supposed to happen
eden david sadie and pruitt are part of
a cult that organized a mass human
sacrifice
the last glass of wine was poisoned to
kill everyone
as david is reassuring her will and kira
go to the room to see that the door has
been removed when the house was
renovated
at the same time pruitt comes in and
attacks them he chokes will but kyra
hits him on the head with a wine bottle
as he falls she hits him several times
eventually
killing him they rush out again and see
eden in the dining room
she is pointing a gun at them she shoots
will in his shoulder before any of them
can speak
she looks at injured will and apologizes
before shooting herself in the stomach
david calls eden from downstairs
he doesn't know that tommy is hiding on
top of the stairs
as david moves up with a knife tommy
attacks him
he overpowers david and stabs him
several times to eventually kill him
finally will and kyra bring an injured
eden out to the backyard
and say goodbye to her the house is then
surrounded by police helicopters
the movie ends as will notices several
red lanterns
like the ones david had lit in every
house down the hill
it is as though everyone in the
neighborhood was a part of the cult
and was involved in the plan to
sacrifice them that night
thank you so much for watching make sure
to like the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to our channel to see more of
these movie summaries